# CS-340-T4217-Client-Server-Development-21EW4

## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable and adaptable? 
I believe proper documentation of a program is what allows it to be maintainable, readable and adaptable. Writing short comments in the code above a function to briefly explain what the function does, what inputs/outputs it has, and maybe a small explanation on why I chose to write it that way will help future developers that need to change the code later understand what everything does. 
## What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
Writing the CRUD Python module in this way helped with writing the dashboard because it cut a large portion of the work out and allowed me to focus on the front-end work of organizing the dashboard elements and ensuring they work properly. If I needed to go back and edit the CRUD module, I could go back and read my comments and make the necessary edits by reading the comments I wrote to understand how I wrote the code. In the future, I actually plan to update and use this module for a project that uses MongoDB to hold images with various tags. 
## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? 
Initially, I will break the problem down into different smaller problems that I can work through in order to solve the bigger problem. 
## How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I used pretty much the same agile approach to this project as I do with all my other courses, it helps me keep myself accountable and organized and helps to ensure work is turned in on time. In the future, I plan to use this same agile methodology to break assignments down into smaller parts, then work through the list to complete the assignments. For future assignments that require databases, I will probably follow the same techniques and strategies I used in this course to ensure I complete the assignments on time and make sure they meet client requests. 
## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Simply put, computer scientists solve problems using technology. A computer scientist will see a problem and try to find a way to use a combination of software and hardware to solve the problem and hopefully future-proof it. My work on this type of project helped me understand a new way to look at some problems and use databases to help create solutions to the problems. 
